so the area's gotten many plow trucks
are on the road tonight but businesses
need their parking lots cleared by the
morning for customers Tiffany it is more
road with shuvit plowing company owner
Dan Morehouse who has been moving snow
in Lafayette since early this morning
Tiffany Nicole Moore house has been hard
at work cleaning businesses parking lots
and residential areas since the first
snowfall in the wee hours in the morning
I caught up with him in an area movie
theater parking lot this was the second
time he had to move snow there it's a
lot of hours just sitting in truck going
forward and backwards
the Lafayette area received over five
inches of snow and shuvit plowing
company owner Dan Morehouse says it's
important with that much snowfall to
plow every lot more than once if it's
gonna snow a lot like it did today
I like the plow try to plow every lot I
have because the more snow you get the
longer you're on the lot and the harder
it is to push it just it takes it takes
for two to four inches it takes not very
long but you start getting much more
than that then you got it takes about at
least double what it normally would with
all the snow that we've gotten they've
been out for over 12 hours hauling and
plan to be back early in the morning
through the drifting snow
I started plowing at about 5 o'clock
this morning I'm still here and I said
we still got to finish this one and
three no four more and then we'll be out
first thing in the morning again Moor
house has been plowing for ten years and
says as tempting as it may be to drive
quickly to get the job done sooner you
have to take your time you gotta go real
slow cos one little slip and this thing
will slide over and hit a car and the
first year I was plowing I hit a car and
I just got this blade this year and on
the front
those two wings they go in and out but
then they also it also scoops so it
makes it a lot easier to like if you get
a bunch of snow like this you can scoop
it and it it'll hold more and he'll get
a bunch of it out of your way with so
much snow it could be hard to tell where
the parking lot ends and the sidewalk
begins more house has a trick up his
coat sleeve to keep from plowing over
medians and sidewalks I know all the
sidewalks and stuff but there's some
that we just got this year that I don't
know where they're at and we put markers
down yeah the little orange sticks
Friday snow drifting is expected to be a
problem Morehouse says with so much time
spent in the truck plowing eating and
sleeping are a rare luxury the year that
we got to 17 inches I was that week I
think I had play about six hours of
sleep for the whole week more house
expects to be working late into the
night tonight and out early tomorrow
morning to refile all the Lots Tiffany
does more news channel 18